OSDOCS#7671: Retroactive SC TP-> GA (#67893)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-sc-multiple-none.adoc

* During installation, the installer creates a PVC requesting the default storage class, which has not yet been created.

> In the preceding scenarios, PVCs remain in the pending state indefinitely. To resolve this situation, create a default storage class or declare one of the existing storage classes as the default. As soon as the default storage class is created or declared, the PVC gets the new default storage class and moves out of the pending state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding scenarios, PVCs remain in the pending state indefinitely. To resolve this situation, create a default storage class or declare one of the existing storage classes as the default. As soon as the default storage class is created or declared, the PVCs get the new default storage class. If possible, the PVCs will eventually bind to statically or dynamically provisioned PVs as usual and move out of the pending state.
```
1) Use plural "PVCs" as all the the existing ones without storage class will be affected 

2) Assigning a storage class to pending PVCs does not necessarily grant moving out of the pending state by itself. It just allows for provisioning to continue as usual, which might not work and requires other (unrelated) troubleshooting.

3) Would it make sense to link to docs which describe "declaring storage class as default"? Like this one: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/875044019c418e282022f944682a798555d07b56/modules/dynamic-provisioning-change-default-class.adoc?plain=1#L63

Author: Done. The link you are suggesting is actually just below this module in the assemble for "Managing the default storage class", so I think that we are covered there.

Reviewer: Cool, lgtm now.
